[Intro]
pineapple on a pizza, oh no, it's a crime
caught in a topping dilemma, no escape from the crime
open your eyes, look up to the pie and see
I'm just a hungry boy, need no sympathy
because I'm easy come, easy go, little high, little low
any way the cheese flows, doesn't really matter to me, to me

[Verse 1]
mama, just put a pineapple on a pizza,
pulled the trigger, now it's in my tummy, oh no!
mama, life had just begun,
but now I've gone and ruined it, oh dear!
mama, ooh, didn't mean to make you cry,
if I'm not back again this time tomorrow,
carry on, carry on as if nothing really matters,

[Verse 2]
too late, my taste buds have come,
sends flavors down my throat, all the time
goodbye, everybody, I've got to go,
gotta leave this topping behind and face the truth,
mama, ooh, pineapple doesn't belong on a pizza,
I don't wanna be sick, I sometimes wish I'd never been born at all,

[Guitar Solo]


[Verse 3]
I see a little pizza with a pineapple on top,
scaramouche, scaramouche, will you do the pepperoni?
thunderbolt and lightning, very, very frightening me,
(galileo) galileo, galileo, galileo, magnifico!
but I'm just a hungry boy, nobody loves me,
he's just a hungry boy from a hungry family,
spare him this topping from this monstrosity,
easy come, easy go, will you let me go?
bismillah! no, we will not let you go!
(let me go) bismillah! we will not let you go!
(let me go) bismillah! we will not let you go!
(never, never, never, never let me go) ah!
no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
(oh, mamma mia, mamma mia) mamma mia, let me go!
beelzebub has a pineapple put aside for me, for me, for me!
verse 4

[Verse 4]
so you think you can put a pineapple on a pizza and spit in my eye?
so you think you can make me sick and leave me to die?
oh, baby, can't do this to me, baby!
just gotta get out, just gotta get right outta here!

[Outro]
(ooh)
(ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah)
nothing really matters, anyone can see,
nothing really matters to me!
any way the cheese flows, doesn't really matter to me, to me!
any way the wind blows!
